[uss_qualifier/scenarios/utm/nominal_planning] Allow flight deletion after modification rejection (#154)
interuss/monitoring: monitoring/uss_qualifier/scenarios/astm/utm/nominal_planning/conflict_equal_priority_not_permitted/conflict_equal_priority_not_permitted.md

### [Plan flight 1 test step](../../../../flight_planning/plan_flight_intent.md)
Flight 1 on time range A should be successfully planned by the tested USS.

### [Validate flight 1 sharing test step](../../validate_shared_operational_intent.md)

### [Attempt to modify planned flight 1 in conflict test step](../../../../flight_planning/modify_planned_conflict_flight_intent.md)
The test driver attempts to modify flight 1 via the tested USS so that it becomes planned on time range B.
However, this conflicts with flight 2, which is of equal priority but was planned first.
As such it should be rejected per **[astm.f3548.v21.SCD0040](../../../../../requirements/astm/f3548/v21.md)**.

### [Validate flight 1 not modified test step](../../validate_shared_operational_intent.md)

> Flight 1 should not have been modified. It is acceptable for the flight to not exist anymore.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this, and similarly below?  Basically, I want to make sure we clearly explain why the assumptions we're making that allow us to declare failed checks are valid (so, in the original, why is it acceptable for the flight to not exist any more, for instance).

```suggestion
Because the modification attempt was invalid, either Flight 1 should not have been modified (because the USS kept the original accepted request), or it should have been removed (because the USS rejected the replacement plan provided).
```
